#### 两种形式的包结构：
 - Regular packages
 - Namespace packages

#### Namespace package 创建过程说明：

 1. If `<directory>/foo/__init__.py` is found, a regular package is imported and returned.
 2. If not, but `<directory>/foo.{py,pyc,so,pyd}` is found, a module is imported and returned. The exact list of extension varies by platform and whether the -O flag is specified. The list here is representative.
 3. If not, but `<directory>/foo` is found and is a directory, it is recorded and the scan continues with the next directory in the parent path.
 4. Otherwise the scan continues with the next directory in the parent path.


#### Namespace package 最大的特点：

Multiple portions of a namespace package can be installed into the same directory, or into separate directories. For this section, suppose there are two portions which define "foo.bar" and "foo.baz". "foo" itself is a namespace package. 

If these are installed in the same location, a single directory "foo" would be in a directory that is on sys.path . Inside "foo" would be two directories, "bar" and "baz". If "foo.bar" is removed (perhaps by an OS package manager), care must be taken not to remove the "foo/baz" or "foo" directories. Note that in this case "foo" will be a namespace package (because it lacks an `__init__.py` ), even though all of its portions are in the same directory. 

Note that "foo.bar" and "foo.baz" can be installed into the same "foo" directory because they will not have any files in common. 

If the portions are installed in different locations, two different "foo" directories would be in directories that are on sys.path . "foo/bar" would be in one of these sys.path entries, and "foo/baz" would be in the other. Upon removal of "foo.bar", the "foo/bar" and corresponding "foo" directories can be completely removed. But "foo/baz" and its corresponding "foo" directory cannot be removed. 

It is also possible to have the "foo.bar" portion installed in a directory on sys.path , and have the "foo.baz" portion provided in a zip file, also on sys.path . 

#### 举例：给予拓展的可能性：

```
script/game
    new_account
    	newaccount
	        newaccount_manage.py
	        helper.py
	        facilites.py
	    newaccount_net.py
    id_authentication
        newaccount
            id_net.py
        id_manage.py
        id_net.py
    zmsdk_auth
    	newaccount
    		zhanmeng_login.py
    			def LoginWithZhanMeng
    	zmsdk_manage.py
```